# 4D-Playground


Ryhan Shah - Lab 4
Blake Turman - Lab 3
Khoa - Lab 3


The project decided upon was creating a 4D maze in Unreal Engine 5.
	In our project the 3D model was AI generated by Meshy AI, and was manually edited and cleaned in blender
	Additionally, we used Unreal engine starter content assets for the wall texture, landscape, and Unchanging blue walls,
	with some minor edits to the materials themselves. 
	


The game is solely multiplayer and needs to be run in tandem with a listen server. 

The objective of the game is to tag another player by clicking on them, you can only click on a player who is not greyed out.

2 additional controls have been added, the buttons Q and E control where on the 4th dimension the player is. Since the maze is 4D, walls will
appear and disappear depending on what translation the player is located on due to the player's view being locked into 3 Dimensions. Travelling 
around the maze will require the usage of this new axis of movement. In your top left you will see a indicator saying where on the 4th axis you are.

You can only tag another person if they are translated onto around the same area on the 4th axis as you. If you are not in within that range
their model will appear greyed out. 

Another effect that will appear is a green outline to x-ray through walls. Players will be able to see the other player through walls, and
while it won't indicated where they are translated on the 4th dimension it will make tag more reasonable to play within the 4D space.